Project Requirements
Your app must be a HTML/CSS/JS frontend that accesses data from a public API. All interactions between the client and the API should be handled asynchronously and use JSON as the communication format. Try to avoid using an API that requires a key. APIs that are free and require no authorization will be easiest to use. For ideas, see this list of no-auth APIs (Links to an external site.). If you would like to use an API that requires a key, please consult with your instructor on how to protect that key. NEVER push your API key to github!

Your entire app must run on a single page. There should be NO redirects. In other words, your project will contain a single HTML file.

Use at least 3 unique event-listeners (Links to an external site.) that enable interactivity. Think search or filter functionality, toggling dark/light mode, upvoting posts, etc. Each of your event listeners should have its own unique callback function.

Your project must implement at least one instance of array iteration using available array methods (map, forEach, filter, etc). Manipulating your API data in some way should present an opportunity to implement your array iteration.

Follow good coding practices. Keep your code DRY (Do not repeat yourself) by utilizing functions to abstract repetitive code.

Stretch Goals
Use json-server (Links to an external site.) in your project to persist your app's interactivity.

Strategy, Timeline, and Tips
Planning
Plan out your features
Develop user stories
“As [ a user ], I want [ to perform this action ] so that [ I can accomplish this goal ].”
Features should not need you there to explain them to users
Plan out the structure of your JSON requests
Project Pitches
Before you start working on your project, you'll pitch your project idea to your instructors for approval and feedback.

For your project pitch, you should include:

The basic story of your application
The core features of your MVP
The API data you'll be using and how you'll use it
Challenges you expect to face
How you are meeting the requirements of the project
Feel free to send this pitch to your instructor via slack asynchronously.

